Hey so welcome to this section on destruction.
So we're going to be focussing purely on destruction so there's lots of extra things that you could
probably include as we're going along to make it prettier or whatever you want to do with it.
We're going to take a look at destroying meshes in a couple of ways.
First by fracturing the mesh itself.
And of course physical destruction.
Now this is great for hard objects that snap or crumble et cetera et cetera.
So let's go have a look at what can be accomplished.
Boom.
Tank bursting through the wall.
Now I have not gone about in place.
There's a bit vigil bricks itself the tank going through the wall has actually done that for us and
a bit of extra.
From what's called a forcefield which you'll learn about shortly.
But what does this look like in action.
Well it looks like this and as we can see the wall blows apart and the tank busts through.
Now this animation is not going to win any particular awards but it is a great basis on how to get started.
So welcome to the section.
Let's go ahead and start destroying things over in blender.